[docs] #252, #256: Update doc structure, add new chapters (#259)
hyperledger/iroha-2-docs: src/guide/build.md

# Build Iroha 2 Client

> After you [installed Iroha](./install.md) from GitHub, follow these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have [installed Iroha](./install.md) from GitHub, follow these
```

> instructions to build Iroha 2 client:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instructions to build the Iroha 2 client:
```

1. [Install the Rust Toolchain](#install-the-rust-toolchain)
2. [Build Iroha 2 Client](#build-iroha-client)

## Install the Rust Toolchain

You need
[a working Rust toolchain](https://www.rust-lang.org/learn/get-started):
`cargo`, `rustc` v1.60 and up. [^1]

[^1]:
    If you're having issues with installing Rust compatible with our code
    (2021 edition), please consult the
    [troubleshooting](#troubleshooting-rust-toolchain) section.

> The installation of Rust Toolchain is normally a straightforward process,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing the Rust Toolchain is normally a straightforward process,
```

but we've added
[troubleshooting](./troubleshooting/installation-issues.md#troubleshooting-rust-toolchain)

> details for each stage in case you experience issues with the installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
details for each stage, in case you experience issues with the installation
```

process.

The easiest way to get the official `rustup` script is to run:

```bash
curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh
```

Or, alternatively, you can install `rustup` via your operating system’s
package manager.

::: tip

If you know what you're doing, you can also install the Rust toolchain
directly, without `rustup`.

:::

> If you go with the one-line `curl` script, you will be guided through the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you chose to use the one-line `curl` script, you will be guided through the
```

Reviewer: Made this change because "go with" in two consecutive sentences is a bit repetitive

setup process. Just go with the defaults.

## Build Iroha Client

> 1. Navigate to the directory containing Iroha repository. If you followed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the directory containing the Iroha repository. If you followed
```
